Updated Vanilla JS getting started guide (#4674)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/start/getting-started/vanillajs/data-model.mdx

__amplify/backend/api/amplifyjsapp/schema.graphql__

```graphql
# This "input" configures a global authorization rule to enable public access to
# all models in this schema. Learn more about authorization rules here: https://docs.amplify.aws/cli/graphql/authorization-rules
input AMPLIFY { globalAuthRule: AuthRule = { allow: public } } # FOR TESTING ONLY!

type Todo @model {
  id: ID!
  name: String!
  description: String
}

```

The schema generated is for a Todo app. You'll notice a `@model` directive on the `Todo` type. This directive is part of the [GraphQL transformer](/cli/graphql/data-modeling) feature of the Amplify CLI. 

The GraphQL transformer provides custom GraphQL directives that allow you to define data models, set up authorization rules, configure serverless functions as resolvers, and more.

A GraphQL type decorated with the `@model` directive will scaffold out the database table for the type (Todo table), the schema for CRUD (create, read, update, delete) and list operations, and the GraphQL resolvers needed to make everything work together.

From the command line, press __enter__ to accept the schema and continue to the next steps.

## Deploy your GraphQL API

> Now that the API has been successfully created locally, we need to deploy the API to the cloud:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that the API has been successfully created locally, you need to deploy the API to the cloud:
```

```bash
amplify push
```

## Generate code for the GraphQL API

> When you run `amplify push`, you can generate client code for all the GraphQL operations (create, read, update, delete,l ist). These client code snippets allow you to execute these GraphQL operations more easily with the help of the Amplify JavaScript library. Choose the following options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you run `amplify push`, you can generate client code for all the GraphQL operations (create, read, update, delete, list). These client code snippets allow you to execute these GraphQL operations more easily with the help of the Amplify JavaScript library. Choose the following options:
```
